one weight added (#31)
SpecialeBajs/speciale-rapport: Appendix/lightgcn-1-weight.tex

\subsection{LightGCN - One weight added}

> The core difference between NGCF and LightGCN is that LightGCN does not utilize weights and an activation function \cite{lightgcn,NGCF_2019}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core difference between NGCF and LightGCN is that LightGCN does not utilize learnable weight matrices and does not utlize an activation function \cite{lightgcn,NGCF_2019}.
```

> Our intuition behind adding one weight would be that this could learn the layer combination, as there are weights for each layers.

Reviewer 2: kalde det noget andet en bare weight? det er vel en weight matrix/vector

> Our intuition behind adding weights would be that this could learn the layer combination required, as there are weight matrices for each layers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our intuition behind adding a learnable weight matrix would be that we could learn how to perform the optimal layer combination, as there are learnable weights for each layers.
```
